type_ProEPartForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProEPart
type_ProEVersionedPartForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProEPart
type_ProEPartInstanceForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProEPartInstance
type_ProEVersionedPartInstanceForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProEPartInstance
type_ProEPartFamilyTableForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProEPartFamilyTable
type_ProEVersionedPartFamilyTableForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProEPartFamilyTable
type_ProEAssemblyForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProEAssembly
type_ProEVersionedAssemblyForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProEAssembly
type_ProEAssemblyInstanceForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProEAssemblyInstance
type_ProEVersionedAssemblyInstanceForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProEAssemblyInstance
type_ProEAssemblyFamilyTableForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProEAssemblyFamilyTable
type_ProEVersionedAssemblyFamilyTableForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProEAssemblyFamilyTable
type_ProEDrawingForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProEDrawing
type_ProEVersionedDrawingForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProEDrawing
type_ProEFormatForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProEFormat
type_ProEVersionedFormatForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProEFormat
type_ProELayoutForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProELayout
type_ProEVersionedLayoutForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProELayout
type_ProEDiagramForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProEDiagram
type_ProEVersionedDiagramForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProEDiagram
type_ProEManufactureForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProEManufacture
type_ProEVersionedManufactureForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProEManufacture
type_ProENoteForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProENote
type_ProEVersionedNoteForTEAM.changeTo = type_ProENote
type_ProEPartTemplate.changeTo = type_ProEPartTEAMTemplate
type_ProEAssemblyTemplate.changeTo = type_ProEAssemblyTEAMTemplate
type_ProEDrawingTemplate.changeTo = type_ProEDrawingTEAMTemplate
type_ProEFormatTemplate.changeTo = type_ProEFormatTEAMTemplate
type_ProELayoutTemplate.changeTo = type_ProELayoutTEAMTemplate
type_ProEDiagramTemplate.changeTo = type_ProEDiagramTEAMTemplate
type_ProEMfgTemplate.changeTo = type_ProEMfgTEAMTemplate
type_ProENoteTemplate.changeTo = type_ProENoteTEAMTemplate
type_ProEVersionedPart.changeTo = type_ProEPart
type_ProEVersionedPartInstance.changeTo = type_ProEPartInstance
type_ProEVersionedPartFamilyTable.changeTo = type_ProEPartFamilyTable
type_ProEVersionedAssembly.changeTo = type_ProEAssembly
type_ProEVersionedAssemblyInstance.changeTo = type_ProEAssemblyInstance
type_ProEVersionedAssemblyFamilyTable.changeTo = type_ProEAssemblyFamilyTable
type_ProEVersionedDrawing.changeTo = type_ProEDrawing
type_ProEVersionedFormat.changeTo = type_ProEFormat
type_ProEVersionedLayout.changeTo = type_ProELayout
type_ProEVersionedDiagram.changeTo = type_ProEDiagram
type_ProEVersionedManufacture.changeTo = type_ProEManufacture
type_ProEVersionedNote.changeTo = type_ProENote
type_ProEPartForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProEPart
type_ProEVersionedPartForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProEPart
type_ProEPartInstanceForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProEPartInstance
type_ProEVersionedPartInstanceForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProEPartInstance
type_ProEPartFamilyTableForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProEPartFamilyTable
type_ProEVersionedPartFamilyTableForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProEPartFamilyTable
type_ProEAssemblyForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProEAssembly
type_ProEVersionedAssemblyForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProEAssembly
type_ProEAssemblyInstanceForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProEAssemblyInstance
type_ProEVersionedAssemblyInstanceForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProEAssemblyInstance
type_ProEAssemblyFamilyTableForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProEAssemblyFamilyTable
type_ProEVersionedAssemblyFamilyTableForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProEAssemblyFamilyTable
type_ProEDrawingForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProEDrawing
type_ProEVersionedDrawingForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProEDrawing
type_ProEFormatForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProEFormat
type_ProEVersionedFormatForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProEFormat
type_ProELayoutForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProELayout
type_ProEVersionedLayoutForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProELayout
type_ProEDiagramForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProEDiagram
type_ProEVersionedDiagramForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProEDiagram
type_ProEManufactureForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProEManufacture
type_ProEVersionedManufactureForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProEManufacture
type_ProENoteForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProENote
type_ProEVersionedNoteForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_ProENote
type_ProEPartTemplate.resolvedTo = type_ProEPartTEAMTemplate
type_ProEAssemblyTemplate.resolvedTo = type_ProEAssemblyTEAMTemplate
type_ProEDrawingTemplate.resolvedTo = type_ProEDrawingTEAMTemplate
type_ProEFormatTemplate.resolvedTo = type_ProEFormatTEAMTemplate
type_ProELayoutTemplate.resolvedTo = type_ProELayoutTEAMTemplate
type_ProEDiagramTemplate.resolvedTo = type_ProEDiagramTEAMTemplate
type_ProEMfgTemplate.resolvedTo = type_ProEMfgTEAMTemplate
type_ProENoteTemplate.resolvedTo = type_ProENoteTEAMTemplate
type_ProEVersionedPart.resolvedTo = type_ProEPart
type_ProEVersionedPartInstance.resolvedTo = type_ProEPartInstance
type_ProEVersionedPartFamilyTable.resolvedTo = type_ProEPartFamilyTable
type_ProEVersionedAssembly.resolvedTo = type_ProEAssembly
type_ProEVersionedAssemblyInstance.resolvedTo = type_ProEAssemblyInstance
type_ProEVersionedAssemblyFamilyTable.resolvedTo = type_ProEAssemblyFamilyTable
type_ProEVersionedDrawing.resolvedTo = type_ProEDrawing
type_ProEVersionedFormat.resolvedTo = type_ProEFormat
type_ProEVersionedLayout.resolvedTo = type_ProELayout
type_ProEVersionedDiagram.resolvedTo = type_ProEDiagram
type_ProEVersionedManufacture.resolvedTo = type_ProEManufacture
type_ProEVersionedNote.resolvedTo = type_ProENote
