type_UGModelForTEAM.changeTo = type_UGModel
type_UGVersionedModelForTEAM.changeTo = type_UGModel
type_UGAssemblyForTEAM.changeTo = type_UGAssembly
type_UGVersionedAssemblyForTEAM.changeTo = type_UGAssembly
type_UGDrawingForTEAM.changeTo = type_UGDrawing
type_UGVersionedDrawingForTEAM.changeTo = type_UGDrawing
type_UGVersionedModel.changeTo = type_UGModel
type_UGVersionedAssembly.changeTo = type_UGAssembly
type_UGVersionedDrawing.changeTo = type_UGDrawing
type_UGModelTemplate.changeTo = type_UGModelTEAMTemplate
type_UGAssemblyTemplate.changeTo = type_UGAssemblyTEAMTemplate
type_UGDrawingTemplate.changeTo = type_UGDrawingTEAMTemplate
type_UGModelForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_UGModel
type_UGVersionedModelForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_UGModel
type_UGAssemblyForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_UGAssembly
type_UGVersionedAssemblyForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_UGAssembly
type_UGDrawingForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_UGDrawing
type_UGVersionedDrawingForTEAM.resolvedTo = type_UGDrawing
type_UGVersionedModel.resolvedTo = type_UGModel
type_UGVersionedAssembly.resolvedTo = type_UGAssembly
type_UGVersionedDrawing.resolvedTo = type_UGDrawing
type_UGModelTemplate.resolvedTo = type_UGModelTEAMTemplate
type_UGAssemblyTemplate.resolvedTo = type_UGAssemblyTEAMTemplate
type_UGDrawingTemplate.resolvedTo = type_UGDrawingTEAMTemplate
