type_SWVersionedDrawing.changeTo = type_SWDrawing
type_SWVersionedAssembly.changeTo = type_SWAssembly
type_SWVersionedComponent.changeTo = type_SWComponent
type_SWVersionedAssemblyFamily.changeTo = type_SWAssemblyFamily
type_SWVersionedComponentFamily.changeTo = type_SWComponentFamily
type_SWVersionedAssemblyInstance.changeTo = type_SWAssemblyInstance
type_SWVersionedComponentInstance.changeTo = type_SWComponentInstance
type_SWVersionedCard.changeTo = type_SWCard
type_SWDrawingForTeam.changeTo = type_SWDrawing
type_SWVersionedDrawingForTeam.changeTo = type_SWDrawing
type_SWAssemblyForTeam.changeTo = type_SWAssembly
type_SWComponentForTeam.changeTo = type_SWComponent
type_SWVersionedAssemblyForTeam.changeTo = type_SWAssembly
type_SWVersionedComponentForTeam.changeTo = type_SWComponent
type_SWAssemblyInstanceForTeam.changeTo = type_SWAssemblyInstance
type_SWComponentInstanceForTeam.changeTo = type_SWComponentInstance
type_SWAssemblyFamilyForTeam.changeTo = type_SWAssemblyFamily
type_SWComponentFamilyForTeam.changeTo = type_SWComponentFamily
type_SWVersionedAssemblyFamilyForTeam.changeTo = type_SWAssemblyFamily
type_SWVersionedComponentFamilyForTeam.changeTo = type_SWComponentFamily
type_SWVersionedAssemblyInstanceForTeam.changeTo = type_SWAssemblyInstance
type_SWVersionedComponentInstanceForTeam.changeTo = type_SWComponentInstance
type_SWCardForTeam.changeTo = type_SWCard
type_SWVersionedCardForTeam.changeTo = type_SWCard
type_SWAttachmentForTeam.changeTo = type_SWAttachment
type_SWVersionedDrawing.resolvedTo = type_SWDrawing
type_SWVersionedAssembly.resolvedTo = type_SWAssembly
type_SWVersionedComponent.resolvedTo = type_SWComponent
type_SWVersionedAssemblyFamily.resolvedTo = type_SWAssemblyFamily
type_SWVersionedComponentFamily.resolvedTo = type_SWComponentFamily
type_SWVersionedAssemblyInstance.resolvedTo = type_SWAssemblyInstance
type_SWVersionedComponentInstance.resolvedTo = type_SWComponentInstance
type_SWVersionedCard.resolvedTo = type_SWCard
type_SWDrawingForTeam.resolvedTo = type_SWDrawing
type_SWVersionedDrawingForTeam.resolvedTo = type_SWDrawing
type_SWAssemblyForTeam.resolvedTo = type_SWAssembly
type_SWComponentForTeam.resolvedTo = type_SWComponent
type_SWVersionedAssemblyForTeam.resolvedTo = type_SWAssembly
type_SWVersionedComponentForTeam.resolvedTo = type_SWComponent
type_SWAssemblyInstanceForTeam.resolvedTo = type_SWAssemblyInstance
type_SWComponentInstanceForTeam.resolvedTo = type_SWComponentInstance
type_SWAssemblyFamilyForTeam.resolvedTo = type_SWAssemblyFamily
type_SWComponentFamilyForTeam.resolvedTo = type_SWComponentFamily
type_SWVersionedAssemblyFamilyForTeam.resolvedTo = type_SWAssemblyFamily
type_SWVersionedComponentFamilyForTeam.resolvedTo = type_SWComponentFamily
type_SWVersionedAssemblyInstanceForTeam.resolvedTo = type_SWAssemblyInstance
type_SWVersionedComponentInstanceForTeam.resolvedTo = type_SWComponentInstance
type_SWCardForTeam.resolvedTo = type_SWCard
type_SWVersionedCardForTeam.resolvedTo = type_SWCard
type_SWAttachmentForTeam.resolvedTo = type_SWAttachment

